Made new inputs for HALEU transition analysis (#123)
arfc/transition-scenarios: input/haleu/README.rst

files and the |Cyclus| input files are generated by running 
``/transition-scenarios/scripts/create_input.py``.

Definitions for each advanced reactor and the corresponding recipes

> is in ``inputs/united_states/reactors/'' and ``inputs/united_states/recipes'', 

Reviewer: Case is plural so the verb should be plural

files and the |Cyclus| input files are generated by running 
``/transition-scenarios/scripts/create_input.py``.

Definitions for each advanced reactor and the corresponding recipes

> is in ``inputs/united_states/reactors/'' and ``inputs/united_states/recipes'', 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are in ``inputs/united_states/reactors/`` and ``inputs/united_states/recipes``, 
```

> respectively. Each of the necessary files are read into the ``.xml'' files 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
respectively. Each of the necessary files are read into the ``.xml`` files 
```

> in ``inputs/'' when |Cyclus| is run. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in ``inputs/`` when |Cyclus| is run. 
```

Analysis:
=========
The analysis directory contains a jupyter notebook (``analysis/initial_analysis.ipynb``)
to calculate and compare resource requirements of each fuel cycle 
scenario simulated. All of the figures created in the jupyter notebook
are saved in the ``figures/`` directory. 

> This directory also contains ``df_to_csv.py`` to record all of the transactions

Reviewer: Nice description
